He can't
Enemy with the aristocratic family
I have to stop him.
Hey, don't get excited.
Linglong
How dare he come on stage to show that he has this ability
What's more
He was accompanied by the president of Wiley International
Worst case scenario: being thrown out with no risk to your life.
And I have one more thing to check later
Will you wait with me?
Win 200% Liquidated damages 10 trillion USD
Mr. Davis
That's not appropriate.
Suitable oops
Suitable absolutely suitable
I am willing to give everything for Miss Heshangguan
You see, he said it was appropriate.
Can't Davis see?
Is Ye Feng just a stand-in on his shoulders?
Who else wants to put up a placard?
Stop ridiculous
Who doesn't know
Star and Moon Fairy Tale is our close project.
You do it
It is the enemy of the Guan family
Guan Family
What is the Guan family?
If it weren't for President Xie's sake
Linglong's dowry is not over with you
This star and moon myth is to be determined
So crazy
What is this guy's background?
How dare you challenge Guan Mingcheng in public
Even if he is not afraid of officials
I'm not afraid to take care of everyone present
Are you all offended?
Sir, your behavior is really inappropriate.
You are occupying the bidding rights of other VIPs.
If you don't change your mind
The Hero Chamber of Commerce will intervene in this matter
You want me to change my mind?
As long as you can take a picture of this product.
I will release the star and moon myth